of the society
some years ago
what he dreams
Can be converted
this story fairytale
that story
that the ñora princess lives
the prince also
today finally
it has come true
we celebrated
javier stopped
two souls whose act intestines
vargas this day to
in measured
A happiness
that we all feel
it has been done that people the psuv
of the sector
in the north of the country
we will be here together
and why not
also from abroad
the present day
two people
who love each other deeply
they have sworn eternal love before the eyes of God
the abortion
source the most recommended
love endures
love for spirit
to a cause and fuel
if he plays the role of a young man
so that I will never be
in the middle of two people to do that they did not have the opportunity
meet to then give portman points to start
One Way
they have shortened the privilege of being the one who addressed him a few words
for javier
and for the dollar
what is there is to live a great pain
because both
they are two great human beings
that has been an exemplary sister
an excellent friend
a serious
but the same way he has played in his family
as an outstanding being
fountain hills
and as a big brother
today we share with you yolandita well
the illusion of fortifying even more
that love tie that flights
love tie
start
Many years ago
in a little town
called for
when they started together a love story
still worthy
and the passage of time
the crops neither
xavier dolan
time has been put together to unite those of today
what seems today
a beautiful love story
Yes it is
and it has become a reality
and relatives
and friends we share with you
what can i say
I can tell you that the most important thing in this life is love
the most important thing is that they are
because love is the key that is the key to happiness
sometimes always without commissions
scelzi share among you
and if the passage of time ever
two we got place in the combined
do not feel alone
they have their friends
they have their family
I will not shut up
remember you always have in the healthy world
always remember
we will see if not
he provoked
that first month
Remember, it's always emotion
what caused them
when the weather is
we witnessed how God
Thursday type teodoro
in that union
where they promised eternal love
family and friends
we said our best wishes
and the best congratulations
because I'm going to start a path together
If a very serious responsibility
that we know fully
they will be able to go out to dance
thanks to mr
for all the joys that come from this communion
this union
that everything without coverage expected
and that we are enjoying today
yolanda laviana
congratulations
and society followed
who requested more
since I took it as a whole
and give by the lawyer
of these
two great human beings
one of rise
informed his lawyer
and raising your hand
Javier Yolanda
all the love
the happiness
and prosperity
Congratulations
ace
each exit